all right so next year we're probably
seeing a new breed of MacBook and this
is an important one so I thought I'd
make a video for the people that are
interested in laptops and Mac books but
also for people that are interested in
buying a laptop this year you want to
hear this stuff because this may affect
your purchase decision so the rumors
have been floating around forever but
we've gotten some really good
confirmation recently from maangchi quo
we're going to be seeing an ARM based
MacBook in 2021 now the difference for
the people that are unfamiliar with the
stuff the difference between a Intel
based Mac book which is every single
MacBook that's available right now
versus an ARM based one is the chip
inside so instead of an Intel or AMD
processor this would be running a custom
processor designed by Apple in-house
completely customized to whatever their
needs or wants are and they would go to
control this whole process from top to
bottom so as an example Apple's iPads
their iPhones their Apple watches those
all run custom processors that are also
ARM based and all three of those devices
are very capable and powerful computers
well what's a computer but very capable
computing devices now if you look at
their chips they're incredibly powerful
and the devices are very well tuned
between the hardware and software like
the synergy between them and how to
communicate is very well done because
the hardware and the software was made
by the same company so it's got some
it's got some really nice advantages
going on there with the mac books they
don't they don't get that opportunity
because the chips were made by Intel and
even though Apple spends a lot of time
tuning and tweaking their software
they're still working with the processor
that they themselves did not make so the
rumors that have come out from Ming
Chico are saying that there's three Mac
products that are being developed right
now that have custom chips based off of
the upcoming a 14 so this is 5 nanometer
tech that's incredibly powerful and the
question would be why right a lot of you
guys might be like why would Apple want
to do something like this and there's
three really like super huge advantages
that a product like this would deliver
the first thing is performance Apple's
arm-based processors have incredible
performance if you look at the iPad pro
and even the iPhone 11 the
benchmark incredibly well like these are
phones and tablets that can push out
similar scores to an intel-based laptop
so clearly the performance is there but
the other thing that comes along with
that performance is incredibly good
power efficiency if you look at that
iPad pro score that was done off a
device that does not have a fan its
passively cooled and I wouldn't be
surprised if these new MacBooks also run
without fans and without the need for
big heat pipes and with that energy
efficiency comes great battery life
because that's one of the best things of
arm-based processors they just don't
they just don't drink a lot of juice so
when you have a laptop with an ARM based
processor in it I wouldn't be surprised
if this thing hits like 16 18 hours of
advertised battery life from Apple which
would be amazing and way longer than any
laptop that Apple has put out to date
another advantage that comes with this
type of custom chip is control so you
get to control that whole design process
like I said but right now when Apple
comes out with a laptop and they're like
hey this is the new you know 2020
MacBook whatever they're entirely
dependent on what Intel brought them
right if Intel came out with a really
cool chip that year that's got 2 4 extra
cores everyone's like yeah that's
awesome but sometimes they come out with
chips
Intel comes with new chips that are like
5% better than the previous generation
10% better and Apple now has to market
that right they now have to deliver a
product to the consumer that's like
mildly better than the previous
generation and that I mean that's never
that's never good for anyone other than
Intel selling those chips you're on year
when you make your own stuff you can
guarantee that you'll be able to deliver
better performance every year if you
want there's also the flipside where if
Apple wants to you know they want to
twist things a little bit they can
stagger their performance increases the
way they want to but the general idea is
that you are no longer dependent on
someone else to improve your product
every year and the other thing is
security like if you think about you
guys may know of Apple's t1 and t2 trips
the reason why Apple puts those chips
into their laptops is for security
because Intel has some vulnerabilities
with some of their stuff so they put the
t1 and t2 chips in here to keep stuff
secure and handle stuff like you know
fingerprint identification microphone
control
camera control all the stuff that might
be a little bit sensitive it's handled
by an ARM chip that Apple developed and
a lot of users take that stuff for
granted or just don't even care about it
but it really is something that Apple
takes seriously the whole thing about
security and privacy so they spent the
time and energy and effort to put that
stuff into their laptops and now when
they make their own chips it's just it's
built right into the SOC so that's
another advantage but the big advantage
for me and the stuff I'm looking at it
is price so when you build your own
processors when you design you get that
stuff made through your own supply
chains it's cheaper and Intel stuff is
quite expensive even like the base model
MacBooks or you know two three hundred
bucks a pop for the chip so for Apple to
be able to find some way to get around
that pricing it could lower the pricing
of these Mac books whether or not Apple
kind of pockets that difference or
passes those savings on down to the
consumers something we'll find out next
year but my gut feeling is that they'll
actually want people to buy these
devices because they need that user base
for the for the obstacle the big
obstacle when it comes to this and a lot
of articles been written about this is
the adoption of this new ARM based
ecosystem by developers like well
developers actually make applications
and recompile and retool all the stuff
that they do to utilize this new
processor and this is where I feel like
I have a little bit of of knowledge that
I'd like to share with you guys not
knowledge through Apple but just
knowledge through my previous work I
think developers will have no problem
hopping on board apples very good at
convincing their developers to get on
board with new movements like this and
that's not because Apple is like a super
friendly or coddling company it's just
that if you don't move with them you're
just gonna get cut right and apples very
like when they do stuff like this
they're all in they focus on their their
goal like they want ARM based Mac books
they're just gonna make it happen they
don't want use PA anymore they're just
gonna make it happen they're they're
good like that and people just they fall
along the developers they go in with it
it's not going to be super easy but I
think it'll be relatively smooth from
the user experience we're not gonna see
like it's gonna be it'll be ok that's
how I feel like it'll be now I think a
lot of people that are doubtful
this they look at this product as an
example this is the surface pro X from
Microsoft this is came out in 2019 this
is a ARM based surface product and this
did not do nearly as well as they had
hoped I think because it's just a
different user base it's different
development like everything's different
you can't compare this to an ARM based
Apple product because it's Apple that's
just how they roll now this only applies
to the Mac books to start not the
MacBook Pros I think that they're gonna
support Intel and possibly AMD chips
with their MacBook Pro lineup for a
while for a good while but it's just you
know the the entry-level consumer stuff
I think they're gonna be switching over
to armed next year and if you're
interested in a laptop now you know that
this something this is something exists
so the takeaway is this if you're
someone that's like a casual MacBook
user you just want something with a
keyboard
it runs Mac OS and it's got a good
screen and decent performance and it has
crazy good battery life I'd consider
holding out until next year's MacBook or
whatever they call it comes out
hopefully it's not called MacBook arm
but whatever it is I think is gonna be a
very interesting product and I think
will be a good fit for a lot of kind of
casual Apple users and it's not just you
know cool to see it come out but I want
to see how this how does this affect the
entire Apple ecosystem over time okay
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
we liked it subs if you loved it I'll
see you guys next time
[Music]